[Javascript] Nullability: improve concept exercises (#2697)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/nullability/.docs/instructions.md

In this exercise, you'll be determining the text that needs to be printed on a badge.

A badge requires the `id` of the employee, the `name` of the employee, as well as the department in which he is working.

## 1. Text to print on the badge

Implement a function that returns the text to print on the badge.

> Beware that the `id` should be between square brackets (i.e. `[20]`), and that only the id and department can be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The employee's name is always provided, but the employee `id` number and department name may be `null`. The employee `id` number, if provided, should be between square brackets (e.g. `[20]`).
```

> A new owner should have no `id`, and no `department`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An owner's badge should not have an `id` or `department`
```

> While working for a factory, a need arises to create the printed message on employee badges. You decide to implement
> this function in JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While working for a factory, a need arises to create the printed message on employee badges. You decide to implement this function in JavaScript.
```

A badge requires the `id` of the employee, the `name` of the employee, as well as the department in which they are working.

## 1. Create the badge text.

> Implement a function that returns the text to print on the badge.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Implement a function named `printBadge` that returns the text to print on the badge.
```

> The employee's name is always provided, but the employee `id` number and department name may be `null`. The employee
> `id` number, if provided, should be between square brackets (e.g. `[20]`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The employee's name is always provided, but the employee `id` number and department name may be `null`. The employee `id` number, if provided, should be between square brackets (e.g. `[20]`).
```
